Feature/update documentation v2.0 (#200)
digin-energi/Grunnprofil: DIGIN10/v2.0/docs/ModelingGuide.adoc

= Modeling guide
:sectnums:

*Version:* 2.0

> The purpose of this document is to provide the necessary information to model a network according to the DIGIN10 model. 

Reviewer: use "electrical power system" or "electrical power grid" instead of "network"

For such cases SynchronousMachine, its corresponding Terminal and a GeneratingUnit is added to emulate EquivalentInjection for the power flow. 

=== Feeder
Will be included in a later version of the DIGIN10 model.

=== Fuse

> Will be included in a later version of the DIGIN10 model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Will be included in a later version of the DIGIN10 model. In this version it is model as Breaker.
```

sets of objects, which in turn allows different parties to take responsibility for different parts of a common grid model. 
Section 5.2 in IEC 61970-600-1:2021 gives the rules for handling of MAS.
In DIGIN we are using this to model HV, MV and LV separately, either by the fact that they are sourced by a different utility or application in the same organisation.

=== Object Registry
The Object Registry profile (part of ENTSO-E Network Code (NC) CGMES extensions (extension is also included in IEC 61968-100:2022) give the possibility to have multiple names for the same identifiable resource.

=== OperationalLimit
Only CurrentLimit is currently used and included as normalValue in the EQ files and value in the SSH files.

=== PowerTransformerEnd
PowerTransformerEnd.r and PowerTransformerEnd.x are defined on the primary winding of double winded transformers.

=== PATL and TATL
It was decided that this would be modelled in the EQ files by CurrentLimit.normalValue. 

=== Reference Data
Common data for all MAS is now included in Reference data files, BaseVoltage and GeograpicalRegion.

=== Substation

> Substation is used to model cable cabinets in the LV files in CIM16, this is subject to change in CIM17.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Substation is used to model cable cabinets in the LV files. This is an issues and might be changed in upcoming version.
```
